Link to article: https://jp.ign.com/summer-game-fest-2023/68370/news/2dsonic-superstars-2023

June 9th, 2023

Sonic's new 2D adventure, "Sonic Superstars," is set to release in the fall of 2023
Equipped with 3D graphics and an all-new 4-player co-op mode


Following the open zone action game, "Sonic Frontiers," a new game has taken the stage.
Sonic is again returning to his roots. The brand-new 2D platformer, "Sonic Superstars," will be released in the fall of 2023.
It will be available on the following platforms: PS5, PS4, Xbox Series X|S, Xbox One, Nintendo Switch, and PC.

Although this work follows the same 2D gameplay as "Sonic Mania" and "Sonic Origins," the digital and package versions will be simultaneously released this time. Also, with the list price at $59.99, this price range will be a first with the 2D games (for international audiences).

"Sonic Superstars" is not a direct sequel to 2017's "Sonic Mania" but rather a brand-new side-scrolling Sonic game.
The graphics are in 3D, and the full game can be played in the 4-player co-op mode.

Players can choose from Sonic, Tails, Knuckles, and Amy Rose, while challenging longtime enemy Dr. Eggman.
Longtime Sonic fans will also remember Fang, who first appeared in the Game Gear title "Sonic & Tails 2".
Fang would go on to be a playable character in one of the following games, "Sonic the Fighters."

The stage is set in "North Star Islands," A place with a never-before-seen environment and levels. In this game, a new role for The Chaos Emeralds is introduced. This time, it is not just collecting the seven emeralds to become Super Sonic; each emerald also bestows a unique power on the wielder. These powers include things like creating clones and running up waterfalls. 

Although there have been various changes, Sonic's movement, abilities, and maneuverability are just as familiar as they have been to now. There does not seem to be any concern for this game to become another "Sonic the Hedgehog 4".

"Sonic Superstars" is not the only Sonic game release for 2023. Fans can also look forward to a new story mode in "Sonic Frontiers" planned for later this year.



#Notes
Regarding the first sentence of paragraph 6, "さまざまな変化はあるが、ソニックの動きや身体能力、操作性はこれまでのソニックおなじみのものだと発表されている。"
The portion of "...だと発表されている。” broke the flow of the English translation and did not seem vital to add, so it was omitted.
